MICA visit

Being an artist 
art school studios 
light coming in through the windows. Art school for 

I consulted a few art schools about their futures. Art schools are I think there's much that science and liberal arts studies, tech industry and policy makers can learn from art school cultures. 

Old College Arts 

What is the art schools 

What can we learn from art schools, 

What are the values of art production spaces. which can become 

art school architecture, culture and fashion that always inspire me to make something.
It's also about the types of people who find themselves in such places. I wonder how we can make that possible at SFPC.

what can we learn from art school spaces - not what art schools should be in the future, but rather what art schools 

The kinds of thinking and making that's only possible in such spaces. a colony of artists, making their practices into a tangible outcome. 


How can 

what are the affordances of art schools, making 
creative spaces, is a space which I can create something - making new objects 
what types of gears can we create 
making new 
digital fabrication is one part of the story, environmental design 

Art schools, is
The first thing. Art schools are struggling to stay relevant in technological change. For one, MFAs are no longer enough as a terminal degree, or does not guarantee teaching position.

The tradition of craft. craft, things that don't change, and things that'll change. 
In the case of 
Interdiscplinary, 

How this comes back to us, our spaces, and our 
How do we want the students to feel, How do we want the people to feel in this world. How do we want people to create in the new world.

Technology plays an important role in it. 
How we can use old and new tech
the kinds of work that's possible in the old tech, How are we do make new workss in the future.
Particulatly computing 

I feel about Art schools in the same way I feel about 90s hip-hop. Delicate touch and making complicated processes. 
In an audit, Art schools are a thing, they are a very particular types of spaces. As technologies change, 

John Maeda's experiment  - largely considered provocative and unsuccesful, trace back to innovative models.


Institutions that are failing to stay relevant, spaces in which we have no agency to build a new kinds of agency. A space in which we have 
There's a strict rules about A photo student may stay releavent.. 

In the past year, I visited a few with 

A space for fabrication of ideas, Art schools are a thing. we may
Many of the schools, are 
density of the floor, energizing, but also clausterphobic, I had an office theere for a semester. 
How does software staygets created. 
Something that I do understandm is that glassmaking is essentially - 
forms, which can be made into a longer term project. making new things available, Art school is a place with very particular set of ideas, 

Art school studios., Artist spaces, making new things. making new ideas possible, making new things. making of new kinds of change. How are we to engage in production in the future. How are we to be relevant. What the art schools fail 

Art school - not particularly interested in 