Please place your work in context so that we may better evaluate it. What are the main influences upon your work as an artist? How does your past work inform your current project? Please use concrete examples, which may include other artists’ work, art movements, cultural heritage, research/work from outside your field, etc. (150 words)

I see my work in the context of digital art, social practice and painting. As a digital artist, I engineer and design complex and unique computational systems. For example, I've built a computer from scratch and currently contribute on creating Distributed-Net, a new generation of secure, non-commercial and censorship-free network after the Internet. The discourse of technology inspires my work, especially with a critical perspective on ethics, agency, justice and sensitivity to the minority issues. As a social practice artist, I create experiences that often take the form of education and performance. I'm inspired by art as forms of care, type of work pioneered by Lygia Clark. Suzanne Lacy's social practice that prompts direct action and participation, and educational engagement. Artists who've experimented with alternative modes of distribution like Seth Price, Paul Chan and the Badlands Unlimited's work of distribution. As a painter, I'm influenced by the 19th century political graphics and cartoons because of their honesty, humor and a sense of dissent. In literature and philosophy, I'm inspired by writings of Eduardo Glissant's errantry of language. I follow the discourse around Disability and technology since starting to teach students with disability. I'm investigating clinical data. health tech. beautiful images of weirdness. 
Making new products of silences . 
I follow these topics closely, because it's the crucial points of othering. 


• How does your project take an original and imaginative approach to content and form? Please be as specific as possible. (100 words)

My projects start from a discourse, form, or collaboration. From a discourse, for example disability and access to technology, I research on the topic through systemic method and involve the community members via intimate interview and ongoing engagement. The project evolves over as taking different forms over time, employing various production techniques ranging from video production, events such as organizing a conference, to writing such as the New Inquiry Article. From form, 
Sometimes my work begins from image,  When my work begins by image and form, making surfaces and developing images over craft and Hand making objects, and taking progressive 
Modernist project. Critical approach to interpretation of objects and relationship with it. Social issues are big part of my work. In other times, my work begsin from collaboration and ends in a collaboration. My collaborators and I often don't knowing where and how the project will develop, trusting my collaborators' expertise and our collective intuition. Cikkaviratirs are often one more fellow artists, but sometimes it can be a group of participants, experts of different fields This process often takes an iterative approaches, baseline budget - their imagination is not 


Making sense of it all. 
 
• What kind of impact—artistic, intellectual, communal, civic, social, etc—do you hope your project will have? What strategies will you employ to achieve the desired impact? (100 words)

I see my studio practice and educational practice as inherently a social practice. Through studio practice (such as making paintings, unique digital objects) I represent the needs of underrepresented people, their needs (for case of metronomes for the Deaf people which makes the sound visible to sight, or flower arrangement class for the blind people.)

The concept of soft care is that  there are explicit tasks that need to be ... 


- borrow language from Marie Walsh app  or etc - 

• Who are the specific audiences/communities that you hope to engage through this project? Please think beyond the broad art community where possible. How are you hoping to reach them? (100 words)

Disability community and people who have impairment, , particularly people who are 


People with impairment, people who are ill, people who'se relationship with their body reveals something 
people whose relationship to their body and mind are undergoing constant tension. People whose body and mind don't 
we all have difficult relationshipc
complex relationship with our body and mind, our body
people who are more acc
becas
not because we can help them, but also because we can learn from them. I will loose bodily facultie. the oddness and and .. People who are considered as the 'other' by societt at large, All types of minority, the concept of minority is difficulkt to nail because anyone can be a minority if their context changes. 


• How might your proposed project act as a catalyst for your artistic and professional growth? In what ways is it a pivotal moment in your practice? (100 words)

I've been focusing on teaching and administering School for Poetic Computation for the past five years. I've helped establish the core curriculum, code of conduct, and aesthetics (design and narratives) of the school. I'm at the very important moment of focusing on studio practice, via making new paintings, working with a team of people, and making new kinds of
In terms of discourse, I'm also at a pivotal moment of extending my research into a more academic and technical fileds. With help of the data and society research institute's fellowship,  


• Given Creative Capital’s comprehensive system of support, how would you envision our non- monetary services and resources helping you realize your goals for this project as well as those for your long term artistic and professional growth? (100 words)
 